edgar martins from the school of life and today
I'll give you a very good tip.
So you can calm down your house.
also calm those people who are
beneficiaries who are not well
they can sleep and also to clean the
general negative energies so the
environment and everything in your life is
power in the trees
recently in mind is not our 2007
It's been four months since I've been
receiving some knowledge
information about the power of the
trees also do not err is no thing is
Related floral in that only
trees and it works as follows
if I'm going to talk about a fruit leaf
hose leaves are
excellent for you to calm and
transmute the energies your house you have
To do the following I searched the area
I do not know if it will end here in my
region is very difficult to find that it is
tropical region is find more
in a hose the foot of your house goes
until it's there when you get down to it
you ask for leave of science hose
I'll need your sheets here.
There you get lots of leaves that way.
will take you home and then you will
spread these leaves all over your house
under the bed is your whole room in the
bathroom and living room in the hallway
kitchen outside
spreading was the demand for all
parts of your house and you leave it's for
For example you do this in the morning and
until the end of the afternoon leaves you with 24
hours and something is going to happen
interesting is if you were the one
type will realize that I am talking about is
talk experience leaves leaf demand
Working there you go outside.
from your home
and then come back to stand five
A few minutes later, he comes back and starts walking.
right in your house to see you
realize that it seems that you will through
what fruit so it looks like you're going
lose the notion so middle of the floor goes
climb to the leaf of the morning she goes
begin to calm her home so she
It leaves very still but calm
That's enough, and if your home is
very charged in a negative energy
you do the following you will realize
that the leaves will start to dry
start pulling so in a matter of
hours or 24 hours
the leaves can dry out even wither
totally even ok if you do this
again next to your house you have good
It will not happen so quickly.
okay so there you take the leaves is
Odd quota and throw away in the trash
anyway so I do is is another
interesting thing also pick up sheet
hose demand could not sleep
logic is very good, it's not even another day
out that sheet replaced another ne
if you realize that it has dried up a lot you
Are you going to have a night's sleep?
quiet and one thing here the ancients
also made it very interesting to
Calm people are nervous, and you?
get the clothes
usually the person uses a lot in this
person who is nervous stressed
then you take sheet demand and washes
clothes in the same tank scrub the faith
scrub the sheets on clothing that
let calmer then also the person
hose she has this paper late to
Kalmadi who cleaned energy to do
you sleep better
tomorrow the next video I'll pass the trash
For you, hose.
I'll pass the technical sheets
also for you you can and will in your
home and it's really cool, it's really simple there
this process I saw a very
strong on these
trees are not dealing with bad luck as
are in the Celtic culture the shamanism then
I could see butt lit up a tree
have olive trees have the native birds here
I'm very rich, Brazil.
Is to have the Brazilian zaga I spoke celtas
Three doubts, finally, in Japan, in China.
all that is there on the trees
and then I'll pass on that knowledge
for you during this week now that
It's going to happen, too.
of the morning sheet and you will
Repent is not very good and really
works is that here at the very meeting
was the demand has more is there is more I
Black is shut bathroom is a guy to
Dude there's a lot of guy who was the guy she
it plays a key role also after
I explain seiton until the next video and
thank you